README.md, before:

# **_Walk With Tyson_**


## Introduction 

The mission of the website, Walk With Tyson is to enhance the bond between dogs and their owners
through purposeful and enjoyable walks. Tyson is the name of my dog, a three year old German
Shepherd boy, therefore the title Walk With Tyson. This site would enable dog owners to sign up
for different trails in Dublin and Wicklow, where all dog owners can meet up at a point and go on
walks together. This session would help to socialise the dogs better in a more relaxed environment.
This would also give an opportunity for the dog owners to discuss their challenges and doubts in
bringing up a dog with good health and behaviour.

Why not sign up to <a href="https://ivane212.github.io/Walk-With-Tyson/index.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Walk With Tyson</a>


![Walk With Tyson resposive design](readme-images\responsive.png)

# content

    * [User Experience UX](<#user-experience-ux>)
        * [Site Structure](<#site-structure>)

# User Experience - UX

## As a web designer, my aim is to:

    * Create a website that is user friendly and looks interesting.
    * Make the navigation simple for the users.
    * To give an idea to users (dog owners) about Tyson so that they can decide if he is compatible with their dogs. 
    * To make users understand the purpose of the page and walks
    * To make it easy for the users to find out all the trails and details.
    * To enable signing- up for the walks without any technical difficulty. 




## Site Structure

Walk With Tyson Website consists four pages: [Home](index.html) is the main laoding page, [Tysons Life](tysons-life.html), [Images](images.html), and [Walkies](Walkies.html). All pages are all accessible from navigation bar. Further the header is clickable and will return the user to home page if used. every page consists of a footer where you will find social media links on all pages.

[Back to top](<#content>)

Commit message:

Updated content in Website Framework

README.md, after:

# **_Walk With Tyson_**


## Introduction 

The mission of the website, Walk With Tyson is to enhance the bond between dogs and their owners
through purposeful and enjoyable walks. Tyson is the name of my dog, a three year old German
Shepherd boy, therefore the title Walk With Tyson. This site would enable dog owners to sign up
for different trails in Dublin and Wicklow, where all dog owners can meet up at a point and go on
walks together. This session would help to socialise the dogs better in a more relaxed environment.
This would also give an opportunity for the dog owners to discuss their challenges and doubts in
bringing up a dog with good health and behaviour.

Why not sign up to <a href="https://ivane212.github.io/Walk-With-Tyson/index.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Walk With Tyson</a>


![Walk With Tyson resposive design](readme-images\responsive.png)

# Content

    * [User Experience UX](<#user-experience-ux>)
        * [ Design](<#Design>)
        * [ Structure](<#site-structure>)


# User Experience - UX

## As a web designer, my aim is to:

    * Create a website that is user friendly and looks interesting.
    * Make the navigation simple for the users.
    * To give an idea to users (dog owners) about Tyson so that they can decide if he is compatible with their dogs. 
    * To make users understand the purpose of the page and walks
    * To make it easy for the users to find out all the trails and details.
    * To enable signing- up for the walks without any technical difficulty. 




# Design

## Website Framework

Walk With Tyson Website consists four pages: [Home](index.html) is the main laoding page, [Tysons Life](tysons-life.html), [Images](images.html), and [Walkies](Walkies.html). All pages are all accessible from navigation bar. The header is clickable and will return the user to home page if used. Links to social media are placed at the footer of every page.

[Back to top](<#content>)
## i
